reference/sql: add reserved words for window functions (#1799)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/sql/language-structure/keywords-and-reserved-words.md

Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.08 sec)
```

> The following list shows the keywords and reserved words in TiDB. The reserved words are labelled with `R`. [Window function](/dev/reference/sql/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) is labelled with `R-Window`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list shows the keywords and reserved words in TiDB. Most of the reserved words are labelled with `(R)`. [Window functions'](/dev/reference/sql/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md) reserved words are labelled with `(R-Window)`.
```
